README.md, before:

# allioli

Read the 1914 Allioli Vulgata-Translation directly in your terminal!

Code largely based off of [https://github.com/bontibon/kjv.git](https://github.com/bontibon/kjv.git). Luke Smith ([lukesmith.xyz](https://lukesmith.xyz/)) brought my attention to this software via a video of his.

## Usage

```
    usage: ./allioli [flags] [reference...]

      -l      list books
      -W      no line wrap
      -h      show help

      Reference types:
          <Book>
              Individual book
          <Book>:<Chapter>
              Individual chapter of a book
          <Book>:<Chapter>:<Verse>[,<Verse>]...
              Individual verse(s) of a specific chapter of a book
          <Book>:<Chapter>-<Chapter>
              Range of chapters in a book
          <Book>:<Chapter>:<Verse>-<Verse>
              Range of verses in a book chapter
          <Book>:<Chapter>:<Verse>-<Chapter>:<Verse>
              Range of chapters and verses in a book

          /<Search>
              All verses that match a pattern
          <Book>/<Search>
              All verses in a book that match a pattern
          <Book>:<Chapter>/<Search>
              All verses in a chapter of a book that match a pattern
```

## Install

### From Source

allioli can be built by cloning the repository and then running make:

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/AlexBocken/allioli.git
    cd allioli
    sudo make install
```

### AUR

if you're running an arch-based distro you can get bibel from the AUR.
so for example using yay, it's a simple

```bash
    yay -S allioli
```


## Similar projects

My work, as already stated, is mostly based on the source code of [Bontibon's kjv](https://github.com/bontibon/kjv).
Similar projects in different variations can be found:

- My implementation of the Catholic Einheitsübersetzung with footnotes and introductions: https://github.com/AlexBocken/bibel
- Bontibon's original kjv: https://github.com/bontibon/kjv
- Luke's fork with added Apocrypha: https://github.com/LukeSmithxyz/kjv
- Luke's latin version: https://github.com/LukeSmithxyz/vul
- Luke's old greek version: https://github.com/LukeSmithxyz/grb

## License

Public domain

Commit message:

added current state of project section

README.md, after:

# allioli

Read the 1914 Allioli Vulgata-Translation directly in your terminal!

Code largely based off of [https://github.com/bontibon/kjv.git](https://github.com/bontibon/kjv.git). Luke Smith ([lukesmith.xyz](https://lukesmith.xyz/)) brought my attention to this software via a video of his.

## Usage

```
    usage: ./allioli [flags] [reference...]

      -l      list books
      -W      no line wrap
      -h      show help

      Reference types:
          <Book>
              Individual book
          <Book>:<Chapter>
              Individual chapter of a book
          <Book>:<Chapter>:<Verse>[,<Verse>]...
              Individual verse(s) of a specific chapter of a book
          <Book>:<Chapter>-<Chapter>
              Range of chapters in a book
          <Book>:<Chapter>:<Verse>-<Verse>
              Range of verses in a book chapter
          <Book>:<Chapter>:<Verse>-<Chapter>:<Verse>
              Range of chapters and verses in a book

          /<Search>
              All verses that match a pattern
          <Book>/<Search>
              All verses in a book that match a pattern
          <Book>:<Chapter>/<Search>
              All verses in a chapter of a book that match a pattern
```

## Install

### From Source

allioli can be built by cloning the repository and then running make:

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/AlexBocken/allioli.git
    cd allioli
    sudo make install
```

### AUR

if you're running an arch-based distro you can get bibel from the AUR.
so for example using yay, it's a simple

```bash
    yay -S allioli
```


## Current state of project

You might notice the two books, 'Ester' and 'xEster'.
The significance of this mark left over from the original XML this project has started from will be invistigated in the coming months.

## Similar projects

My work, as already stated, is mostly based on the source code of [Bontibon's kjv](https://github.com/bontibon/kjv).
Similar projects in different variations can be found:

- My implementation of the Catholic Einheitsübersetzung with footnotes and introductions: https://github.com/AlexBocken/bibel
- Bontibon's original kjv: https://github.com/bontibon/kjv
- Luke's fork with added Apocrypha: https://github.com/LukeSmithxyz/kjv
- Luke's latin version: https://github.com/LukeSmithxyz/vul
- Luke's old greek version: https://github.com/LukeSmithxyz/grb

## License

Public domain
